---
layout: post
title: You are a loser on Internet when...
categories: [Uncategorized]
tags: [Untagged]
comments: false
show-avatar: true
---

<p>You know that you are a loser on Internet when...</p> <p><strong><em>1.You don’t know how to write in proper English. You use “ma” instead of “my”, “watevea” instead of “whatever” or “heLLo” instead of “Hello”. You put extra letters to a word. For example; “LiFE3” in lieu of “Life”. You prefer to use sms language on forums. Moreover, you think that it’s cool to write like this.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>2.While browsing these sites, you send friend requests to girls and continuously check out their profiles. If they don’t accept it then also you keep on sending requests.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>3.You try to use “Unlock Photo Albums Scripts” on the profiles of girls or your ex-lovers.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>4.You just can’t complete your sentence without typing “Lolz”.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>5.You send forward messages to your friends as scraps. For example; “Your mother will die if u don’t forward it to 10 people”, “I’ll sleep with your girlfriend if you don’t send it to 100 people”.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>6.You’ve 200+ friends on Orkut but you don’t know half of them. Moreover, you don’t even talk to them. This is because you think that having 200+ friends makes you popular.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>7.You have a fake profile to spy on your ex- girlfriend/ boyfriend.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>8.You’re using a picture of Hannah Montana/Hilary Duff as your profile picture.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>9.You don’t know your neighbor but you know about the latest games on Myspace.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>10.You fight with people in communities and forums while in real life you don’t have the guts to say anything.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>11.In real life, you say “LOL” in place of laughing.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>12.After reading this, you are totally pissed off at me and now you’re going to the comment box to abuse me.</em></strong></p> <p><strong><em>13.You copy this whole guide and forward it to your friends through email or post it on social networking websites or internet forums.</em></strong></p> <p>Well, only the 13th point is apt on me. How many are true on your side?</p>