---
layout: post
title: Dasavatharam - Movie Review
categories: [Uncategorized]
tags: [Untagged]
comments: false
show-avatar: true
---

b'Before starting with my review, let me thank my uncle, [Mohan Krishnamurthy](http://leomohan.net), who explained me what Kamal wanted to convey throughout the movie.\r\n\r\nBefore having a brief chat with my uncle regarding this tricky concept of Kamal, I was to write a completely negative review by saying that it had no story at all.\r\n\r\nI have already seen this movie around 5 times, and could watch for 50 more times.\r\n\r\n**STORY -**\r\n\r\nAs said by my uncle, this movie ain\'t for all the people who like to see drama, action, comedy, and romance. This movie is for people who have above average IQ and who understand "[The Chaos Theory](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chaos_theory)" and "[The Butterfly Effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butterfly_effect)".\r\n\r\nIn this movie, Kamal (whose mannerism I often compare with my uncle) plays 10 roles. Yeah, you might be knowing this by now, since this review is quite late. But, those 10 roles can be compared with the 10 avatars of Lord Vishnu.\r\n\r\nLet me list out the roles in comparison with the avatars of Lord Vishnu:\r\n\r\nMatchumm\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 - Ramanujadasan Nambi Rajan\r\nKoorma \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 - Mr. President of America (everyone knows who)\r\nVaraha\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 - Krishnaveni Paati\r\nNarsima\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 - Singael Narasahi\r\nVaamana\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 - Khalifulla Khan\r\nParasuraama\xc2\xa0 - Fletcher (I call him the Terminator)\r\nRama\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 - Avatar Singh\r\nKrishna\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 - Vincent Bhoovaraghan\r\nBalrama\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 - Balram Naidu\r\nKalki\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 - Govindarajan\r\n\r\n(Forgive the spellings)\r\n\r\nWhat is this Butterfly Effect?\r\n\r\nThe phrase refers to the idea that a [butterfly\'s](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butterfly "Butterfly") wings might create tiny changes in the [atmosphere](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earth%27s_atmosphere "Earth\'s atmosphere") that may ultimately alter the path of a [tornado](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tornado "Tornado") or delay, accelerate or even prevent the occurrence of a tornado in a certain location. The flapping wing represents a small change in the initial condition of the system, which causes a chain of events leading to large-scale alterations of events. Had the butterfly not flapped its wings, the trajectory of the system might have been vastly different. Of course the butterfly cannot literally *cause* a tornado. The kinetic energy in a tornado is enormously larger than the energy in the turbulence of a butterfly. The kinetic energy of a tornado is ultimately provided by the sun and the butterfly can only influence certain details of weather events in a chaotic manner.\r\n\r\n[Recurrence](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poincar%C3%A9_recurrence_theorem "Poincar\xc3\xa9 recurrence theorem"), the approximate return of a system towards its initial conditions, together with sensitive dependence on initial conditions are the two main ingredients for chaotic motion. They have the practical consequence of making [complex systems](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complex_system "Complex system"), such as the [weather](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weather "Weather"), difficult to predict past a certain time range (approximately a week in the case of weather).\r\n\r\n**ACTING - **\r\n\r\nStarting with the Legend, Padmashree Kamal Hassan spent over 500 hours of make-up, which I say was immaculate. The American accent was guided by his daughter Shruti. The song played during the credit-roll, "Ulaga Naayagan" perfectly suits him. Few special roles, like that of Krishnaveni Paati and Balrama Naidu were really uber cool. He said that while searching for taking the reference of an old lady for the make-up, after a brainstorming session, they came up with his real grand mother. But after watching for so many times,\xc2\xa0 I was able to notice similar mannerisms like the nodding of head same amongst different roles.\r\n\r\nMallika showed an effort to mimic Tamil dialogues. Poor her, she tried her best, but I personally didn\'t like her acting. It\'s her acting which made me feel that Kamal didn\'t take up that character (well, the make-up was so jaw dropping that for a second I thought even Mallika was Kamal).\r\n\r\nAsin, haven\'t seen her movie before, but being a Christian, the acting and accent were outstanding. The accurate Iyengar tone and the blind faith in God and the Idol throughout the movie does show that she has a good future in Indian Cinema.\r\n\r\n**MUSIC -**\r\n\r\nThe song "Kadaval Mattum Kandaal" in Tamil or "Om Namo Narayan" in Hindi is my favorite and Himesh proved me wrong when I felt that Kamal made a mistake by hiring him in the acousitc department. Also, I have started appreciating Vaali\'s lyrics. This song does bring a vibe inside myself, and I can\'t praise the lyrics anymore because I like to be un-biased in Religions in my blog.\r\n\r\n**RATING -\r\nStory - 9/10 (Wasn\'t mass appealing)\r\nActing - 9/10 (Similar mannerisms)\r\nMusic - 9/10 (Just like that)**'