---
layout: post
title: Funny Matrimonials
categories: [Uncategorized]
tags: [Untagged]
comments: false
show-avatar: true
---

b'This came as a forwarded mail, and honestly, this is the only mail which made me literally cry by "loughing" (you will come to know why I wrote like this after reading the post ;) )\r\n\r\nSo here it goes :\r\n\r\nThese are some profile bio\'s from a popular Matrimonial site... Grammar and spell errors have no place in a profile description as everything is straight from the heart!\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nHello To Viewers My Name is Shekhar , I am single i don\'t have female,\r\nIf anyone want to Marie to me u can visit to my home. I am not a good\r\neducation but i working all field in bangalroe.. if u like me u welcome\r\nto my heart...when ever u want to meet pls visit my resident or send u\r\nletter.. Thanks yours Regards Shekhar ~*~\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\ni want very simple girl. from brahmin educated family from orissa state\r\nshe is also know about RAMAYAN, GEETA BHAGABATA, and other homework\r\n\r\n(Homework?)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nWants a woman who knows me better and can adjust with me forever. she\r\nmay never create any difficulties in my life or her life by which the\r\nentire life can run smoothly. thank you\r\n\r\n(The principle of running life smoothly was never so easy!)\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nshe should be good looking and should have a service. she Should have\r\none brother and one sister. she should be educated.\r\n\r\n(ain\'t it unique !! 1 brother 1 sister criteria !)\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\nI am a happy-go-lucky kind of person. Enjoys every moments of life. I\r\nlove to make friendship. Because friendship is a first step of love. I\r\nam looking for my dreamgirl who will love me more than i. Because i love\r\nmyself a lot. If u think that is u then why to late come on ........hold\r\nmy hand forever !!!\r\n\r\n(The dilwale dulhaniya effect)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\ni am simple boy.I have lot of problem in my life because of my luck now\r\ni am looking one gal she care me and love me lot lot lot\r\n\r\n(I don\'t know why but this is one of my favorites)\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\nMy wife should be as \'Shivani\' as in Kahani Ghar Ghar Ki and as Tanwerr\r\nas in KSBKBT......\r\n\r\n(Ok I haven\'t seen these soaps but I am sure he must be demanding too\r\nmuch,ain\'t he?)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_more\r\ni want a girl with no drinks if she wants she can wear jeans in house\r\nbut while stepping out of house she should give respect to our cast\r\n\r\n(by not wearing her jeans? Wat the hell...)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nHYE I AM A GOOD LOKING BOY,WHO HAS THE CAPABILITY TO MAKE ANY BODY TO\r\nLOUGH.I BELIEVE IN GOD AND ACCORDING TO ME FRIENDS ARE THE REAL\r\nMESSENGER OF GOD. THE 3 THINGS I AM LOOKING FROM A GIRL ,THEY ARE 1.THEY\r\nMUST BELIEVE IN GOD.2. THEY HAVE TO LIKE MY PROFFESION AND THEY SHOULD\r\nNOT GET BORED WITH ME WHEN I WILL TRY TO MAKE THEM LOUGH.\r\n\r\n(all of us are loughing{laughing})\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\nwhatever she may be but she should feel that she is going to be someone\r\nbride and she must think of the future life if she is too like this she\r\nwould be called the woman of the lamp\r\n\r\n(I am clueless, I feel so lost. Can anyone tell me what this boy wants)\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\ni love my patner i marriage the patner ok i search my patner and i love\r\nthepatner ok thik hai the patner has a graduate ok\r\n\r\n(I am again clueless but I liked the use of "ok". The person is\r\nsuffering from "Ok-syndrome")\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nHI IAM VERY COOL NUATHER OK MY HOBBY IS SEE T.V AND NEWS OK I HAVE 1 CAR\r\nAND 1 BONWL OK MY MOTHER ALSO GOOD OK MY FARUET WORLD IS OK\r\n\r\n(the "ok syndrome" again)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nI am pran my family history my two brother two sister and Father&mother\r\nsister complity marred\r\n\r\n(somebody please explain in comments section how to get married\r\n\'completely\'?)\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\niam very simpel and hanest. i have three sister one brother and parent.\r\ni\r\nam doing postal sarvice and tailor master my original resdence at\r\nkalahandi diste naw iam staing at rayagada dist.\r\n\r\n(actually what is this guy doing? Postal service or tailor.??)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nmy name is muhamad and i am unmarried. pleaes you marrige me pleaes\r\npleaes pleaes pleaes pleaes pleaes pleaes\r\n\r\n(height of desperation! J )\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nIwant one girl who love me or my mother. she love me heartly or she\r\nhavea frank she\'s skin colour \'normal\'not a black or not a whitey.\r\nIThink the main think is heart if your heart is beautiful then you are\r\nbeautiful.\r\nbut\r\niam not a handsome guy or not a good looking. but my Mom say that Iam a\r\ngood guy. My father already expired . THE CHOICE IS YOUR.\r\nbye bye.\r\n\r\n(uttama purushan)\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\niam kanan. i do owo businas.one sistar.he was marred.\r\n\r\n(No comments)\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nI AM LITTLE FAIR INDIAN COLOUR. I DON\'T HAVE ANY HABIT.\r\n\r\n(maybe the poor guy meant BAD habits)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nhello i am a good charactarised man. i want to run my life happily.i\r\ndivorced my first wife.her charactor is not good\'. i expect the good\r\nminded and clean habits girl who may be in the same caste or other caste\r\naccepted ...\r\n\r\n(but credit cards not accepted..???)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nmy colour is black,but my heart is white.i like social service\r\n\r\n(Zebra..???)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\ni\'m looking out for who lives in bombay , girl simple who trust me lot\r\nshould be roman catholic, LOVE ME ONLY.\r\n\r\n(Now that criterion is a must, isn\'t it?)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nto be married on jan-2009. working woman perferable\r\n\r\n(this guy has fixed the marriage date too! But he is yet to find a\r\nbride.\r\nI wish him best of luck on behalf of all of us. I am sure he will get\r\none\r\nsoon.)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\ni would like a beautyfull girl. and i do not want her any treasure.\r\nbecause girl is the maharani.\r\n\r\n(Now she is going to be a lucky girl! Any takers?)\r\n\r\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\r\n\r\nssc failed three times and worked with privated ltd company which not\r\npaying salary at present.\r\n\r\n(Any takers again?)'