---
layout: post
title: How Apple will launch a TV
categories: [Uncategorized]
tags: [Untagged]
comments: false
show-avatar: true
---

b'From the keynotes in past few years, I\'m getting sick of their\xc2\xa0repetitive\xc2\xa0catch-phrases. They used to sound cool when their products really had an essence of innovation, but now it is just sad.\r\n\r\nBased on that pattern, I feel this is how they will launch a TV (if they ever do):\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nKeynote #1:\r\n\r\n*"And one more thing... We are going to do something which no tech company has ever done before. We are going to launch a product which we made from our own hands, from scratch."*\r\n\r\n*A silo comes up from the floor with a TV and starts rotating*\r\n*Psychedlic applause*\r\n\r\n*"This is iTV. Trust me when I say that you have never seen anything like this before."*\r\n\r\n*Long Pause*\r\n\r\n*"Isn\'t it awesome?"*\r\n\r\n*Pause*\r\n\r\n*"This is gorgeous."*\r\n\r\n*Points to the engineering team and asks them to stand up*\r\n*Applause from already hypnotized audience*\r\n\r\n*"It is made out of weapons-grade uranium, with retina display. Isn\'t that amazing?"*\r\n\r\n*Tribal dance performed by audience*\r\n\r\n*"We tried to keep everything simple. So we are going back to basic with our first TV. This one will be in **Black & White**. We have found out that there is no need for color."*\r\n\r\n*25% of the audience has already collapsed with excitement*\r\n\r\n*"We love making videos, and here is one."*\r\n\r\n*Video plays where there is an Indian, an African American, a\xc2\xa0Caucasian and an Oriental family all smiling, enjoying watching the programs on the TV along with their kids."\r\n\r\n*"There is **no HDMI port** and **no provision for power supply**. This will run on the same battery which we use on our new iPad. This is the "Post-TV" era and we don\'t want any sort of tethering. Plus, we did research in our labs and found out that main reason for divorces between couples is because of the TV wires."*\r\n\r\n*Points to a feedback given by a consumer*\r\nFeedback reads - "*...and it is because of these flippin\' cables, my wife left me.*"\r\n\r\n*85% of the audience has now fainted because of the innovation shown by Apple and the rest are giving a standing ovation, still feeling weak in their legs*\r\n\r\n*"Time for a video"*\r\n\r\n*A video plays where Jonathan Ive describes how difficult it was to create a TV in Black & White with no power cables*\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nKeynote #2:\r\n\r\n*Tim Cook enters the stage and boasts about the success of iTV. He continues to compare the success of iTV with that of Android smartphones and says that it is the year of iTV.*\r\n\r\n*"This time we are going to do which we have never done before." (I am actually copy-pasting from above)*\r\n\r\n*The next iTV model falls from above*\r\n\r\n*"This is the new iTV. It is the best iTV we have ever made. It is the best thing to happen to iTV since an iTV. It has color and it is longer. Isn\'t it gorgeous? Just look at it. It is awesome. I\'m really proud of our engineering team. It is cool. This is what Apple is all about. It is awesome. At Apple, we care about people. It is cool.\xc2\xa0We have made a TV with color display. How about that? None of our competitors are even close to our feat in engineering. This is awesome."*\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nMeanwhile,\r\n\r\n\t* Google laughs
\r\n\t* Samsung tries to copy
\r\n\t* HTC & LG try to do something similar but not identical to which Samsung has done
\r\n\t* Nokia & Microsoft get married and have a baby. They work on camera lenses and maps
\r\n\t* Android fans get jealous of what Apple has done and try to be creative with cynical tweets
\r\n\t* Apple fans are unhappy with Apple\'s so-called innovation but try to show that Apple is still the best
\r\n'